what's up guys it studied as a gamer
chick here and today I have another Dead
Rising 3 tips tricks I don't know
whatever you want to call it a video
kind of a guide showing you about a
little sort of glitch with the
achievements on Dead Rising 3 so if you
are like me and decided that you wanted
to go through the storyline with caught
because I think Dead Rising 3 is always
better co-op or any Dead Rising game
actually I think there's better co-op so
I made my brother decided to do the
co-op together and finish the storyline
all that jazz and we did it fine but at
the end of the story I found out that my
brother had gotten some achievements
that I had not and I was wondering why
that was so the achievements were
journeyman engineer and master builder
so these are the achievements for
collecting blueprints so journey man is
to collect 25 blueprints engineers
collected 50 blueprints and master
builder is a hundred blueprints my last
video I also did a guide on how to find
all the blueprints so if you guys want
to check that out there will be a link
in the description and all that jazz but
now getting on to how to fix this sort
of glitch in the game so once you finish
the story line and you've collected all
the blueprints that you need to collect
what you need to do is when you need to
go into sort of like a solar mission
whatever you want it doesn't really
matter what chapter you go into to start
off with you just need to stop you know
your own sort of game whatever it is and
then once you get into that all you need
to do is hit the stop button and go
chapter selection and what you need to
do from here is just select all the
chapters one by one so I clicked on the
first chapter here and I just wait for
the word it's great to go through I
skipped the is that the Tut's take that
cutscene and then after that I actually
got an achievement for master builder so
showing you how this achievement
actually works I didn't actually know I
had the master builder achievement
waiting for me but it just kind of
turned out right so you're not gonna get
all of them from the first chapter you
select you need to go through every all
the eight chapters I think it is also in
chapters
all through all through the chapters to
select them all and eventually it'll
build up all the blueprints that you've
collected so each chapter might give you
ten or something blueprints and you'll
get the achievement whenever it starts
to add up so that's just a little tip on
how to fix that sort of glitch that's
going on I hope it helped you guys I
will be having another video at another
dead rising 3 buddy video out tomorrow
sorry I feel I died on my own breasts I
don't know how that's possible but yeah
so hope you guys enjoyed the video I
love you guys know if your guys are
having any trouble with Dead Rising 3 if
there are any other videos you would
like me to do also don't forget guys you
can add me on xbox live the name of it
ok Steve dotty you probably might have
seen it in the video when I brought up
the achievement I don't know but yeah
it's just a JC dotty I'll have I pulled
put up on the screen somewhere I don't
know so you guys can add me and if you
have any cool videos that you want to
send me that you've recorded with the
game DVR in the Xbox you can do that
through Xbox Live and I can make videos
about it which is awesome so I'm gonna
go I hope you enjoyed the video and I'll
see you guys next time
alright bye